Comments from class:

Civil war reenactment game of battle of Gettysburg
Choose what side – at beginning
Stats atticuted – map, basic layout, number of people
AI program – as way other team acted historically 
Or against other people 
Set bataltions in positions want to go – press go 
Every few realistic hours, can move them around – animation as plays through – until one side surrenders or annihilated 
If you win the battle, say whether free slaves or not 
Winner not predetermined – unless both AIs playing against each other
4-day battle – cycle – can have speed settings 
Give orders move often, put general near regiment (can edit more frequently) 
So long because – union army general blocks away (could only get messages out every four hours)

Game play layout: turn-based 
Vertical, 2D map, have on terrain that is ghettysburg 
Basing AI on historical data – player deviates – AI if they’re over there, we’ll go over there and attack (responsive AI that still follows basic strategies they used) 
If do something random, AI might not be able to reaction properly
Type of forces: cavalry, artillery, infantry (you are the general, have different regiments separately)
Cannons for artillery – actual placement, but can move them (cost shells, take more time) 
Always same starting position (can’t add in units from either side – everyone starts same, historically accurate) 
Board game 
Can add variety by adding battles (others) 
If do what union did (exactly) – always win 
One mode: historical 
Zoom out – see entire hill 
Can choose to zoom in – like total war
Enough of where battlefield was, possibly little outside it
Blocks of color – for each regiments
Nothing smaller than regiments 
Drag units – location where go
Checkpoints – go here and then here; drag path (time period – each move an hour, two hours; limit distance)
Inventory – amount of ammunition for cannons, food (if can’t continue to feed them) (union faster rate of food than confederacy – can have bar)
What is ingame hour – shortened; depend on how well do against historical AI – minute per hour
Could fast forward – rest for 1 hour – can choose to add
AI for each regiment – scout, alert 
How does sleep play in – exhaustion? Regaining health bonus (health bar) 
How much damage can take – food, sleep, morale (could desert)
Number of rations – 1 ration to entire regiment (that feeds) – don’t worry about micro
If fancy – could buy time, food 
In one term – fire off ten cannon shells, can send out orders (can take amount of time to have them implemented) - no disobeyed orders?
During your turn: pause in time, move people around  GO
Your guys move for hour; while their guys move for hour
Only after both hit go – everyone moves, but can’t give orders now – after hour (freeze) – give more orders 
If freeze in middle of battle – have people support; retreat
General only one who can give orders 
Alcohol – for morale boosting? 
Medics – x healthy, y wounded, z dead 


Class Organization:
    Player Class:
        Controls and commands Regiments (or maybe just one Regiment!)
        Access the map through the MapManager
        Has a regimentSelected field (Regiment *) that will be nil if nothing selected

    MapManager Class:
        Gets updates from Regiments 
        Has a Board object
        Displays/updates display on screen; remembers previous display and doesn't change things unless prodded by Regiments
            Where are the regiments?
            Where they going?
            Are they alive?
            etc.
        Handles IO-getting (user touch/click) -> hands to Player

    Board Class
        Subclass of MapManager
        2D array of Tiles
        
    Tile Class
        Subclass of Board
        Has floats elevation, combatMultiplier, movementMultiplier
        Has string terrain; for display purposes only
        Has location in array, which is the index (int, int)

    Regiment Class
        Owned by a Player
        Can send update messages to MapManager (I'm now over here/dead/moving/whatever)
        Has fields for health, combatStrength
        Has fields for location, currentVelocity, maxSpeed
        Can moveTo location and attack other regiments
            Location is (float, float), where integer part is the index (which tile you're on) and the fractional part is the location within the tile

INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM INTERVIEW:
	Regement>Brigade>Division>Corps>Army (each had three times the amount as the group before, except a regiment has 800 men starting, and is considered defeated with 100 men)
	Types of Infantry Arrangments: Skirmish Line (everyone in one line), 2 deep (only broken by artillery.
	Types of Firing Patterns: Volley (everyone at once), Front then Rear, Wave.  Muskets had a range of 250 yards
	Cavalry Attacked with sabers, and were only effective in close range.
	Infantry beats Cavalry, Cavalry beats artillery, Artillery beats infantry.
	Cannons usually shot 3 shells per minute, but could go “Double Canister, No Sponge” to go faster, but risk explosion.   range of 1000 yards.
	3x Offense = 1x Defense
	Necessities: Ammo>Water>Food
	Time Delay between getting orders to the troops was longer the higher up the orders were from.  Time also was longer for information to pass through the Confederacy than the Union.

	IDEAS FROM INTERVIEW:
	Title: “Double Canister, No Sponge; a Gettysburg Experience”
	Levels: Play as Colonel and move up through the ranks commanding more and more people.
	Focus:  Only work on the first day’s battle (killer angels), possibly incorporate the other 2 days in later iterations.

